Documentation (#126)
OpenVR-Advanced-Settings/OpenVR-AdvancedSettings: Readme.md

After SteamVR beta 1.3.1 the bindings for Advanced Settings will show up in the bindings menu.

By default no buttons are bound. TODO

The following actions currently exist:
### Music

Actions associated with media player.

|    Action     |     Type      |  Explanation  |
| ------------- | ------------- |  ------------ |
| Play Next Track | Binary/Button | The same as using the media keys. Tells a media player to play the next song.|
| Play Previous Track | Binary/Button | The same as using the media keys. Tells a media player to play the previous song. |
| Pause/Play Track | Binary/Button | The same as using the media keys. Tells the media player to press play/pause. |
| Stop Track| Binary/Button | The same as using the media keys. Tells the media player to stop playback. |

### Motion

Actions associated with motion tab, and motion.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Override actions will take priority over non-override actions during simultaneous activation. Example: binding space turn to single click and space drag (override) to double click on the same physical button.
```

|    Action     |     Type      |  Explanation  |
| ------------- | ------------- |  ------------ |
| Left Hand Space Turn      | Binary/Button | Rotates PlaySpace based on left controller rotation while held.|
| Right Hand Space Turn  | Binary/Button |  Rotates PlaySpace based on right controller rotation while held. |

> | Left Hand Space Drag      | Binary/Button |   Rotates PlaySpace based on left controller rotation while held.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Left Hand Space Drag      | Binary/Button |   Moves PlaySpace based on left controller position while held.|
```

> | Right Hand Space Drag  | Binary/Button |  Rotates PlaySpace based on right controller rotation while held.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Right Hand Space Drag  | Binary/Button |  Moves PlaySpace based on right controller position while held.|
```

> | (Optional Override) Left Hand Space Turn | Binary/Button |  Complex interaction that takes priority over other actions.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| (Optional Override) Left Hand Space Turn | Binary/Button |  Override version: will activate instead of non-override during simultaneous activation.|
```

> | (Optional Override) Right Hand Space Turn| Binary/Button |  Complex interaction that takes priority over other actions.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| (Optional Override) Right Hand Space Turn| Binary/Button |  Override version: will activate instead of non-override during simultaneous activation.|
```

> | (Optional Override) Left Hand Space Drag | Binary/Button |  Complex interaction that takes priority over other actions.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| (Optional Override) Left Hand Space Drag | Binary/Button |  Override version: will activate instead of non-override during simultaneous activation.|
```

> | (Optional Override) Right Hand Space Drag| Binary/Button |  Complex interaction that takes priority over other actions.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| (Optional Override) Right Hand Space Drag| Binary/Button |  Override version: will activate instead of non-override during simultaneous activation.|
```

> | Swap Active Space Drag to Left Hand (Override) | Binary/Button |  Swaps the hand that is performing the drag to the left Hand.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Swap Active Space Drag to Left Hand (Override) | Binary/Button |  Activates space drag on left controller only if right controller is currently active in space drag. (Useful for climbing motions)|
```

> | Swap Active Space Drag to Right Hand (Override) | Binary/Button |  Swaps the hand that is performing the drag to the right Hand.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Swap Active Space Drag to Right Hand (Override) | Binary/Button | Activates space drag on right controller only if left controller is currently active in space drag. (Useful for climbing motions)|
```

| Gravity Toggle | Binary/Button |  Toggles Gravity state when pressed.|
| Gravity Reverse | Binary/Button |  Temporarily Reverses Gravity while held.|
| Reset Offsets | Binary/Button |  Resets your offset and rotation to 0.|

> | Height Toggle | Binary/Button |  Toggles between your current height and an offset.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Height Toggle | Binary/Button |  Shifts the gravity floor level by offset configured in motion tab. If gravity is inactive: also shifts the user's current y-axis position by offset configured in motion tab.|
```

- **Audio Warning**: Plays an alarm sound when the user's distance to the chaperone falls below the configured activation distance.
  - **Loop Audio**: Whether the audio alarm should only be played once or in a loop.
  - **Loop Audio**: Modify audio volume as a function of the user's distance to the chaperone.
- **Open dashboard**: Opens the dashboard when the user's distance to the chaperone falls below the configured activation distance. The idea is to pause the game (most single-player games auto-pause when the dashboard is shown) to give the user time for reorientation.
- **Velocity Dependent Fade/Activation Distance**: Dynamically modifies the chaperone's fade distance and the proximity warning's activation distance as a function of the player's speed. The used formula is: *distance = old_distance * ( 1 + distance_modifier * max(left_controller_speed, right_controller_speed, hmd_speed) )*

<a name="space_offset_page"></a>
## - Space Offset Page:

![Play Space Page](docs/screenshots/OffsetPage.png)

> Allows to temporarily move and rotate the center of the playspace. This allows to reach interaction elements that are just inside our real-world walls or otherwise inaccessible (e.g. when your playspace is smaller than the recommended one). Can also be used to discover the terrors that lie outside of the intended playspace (ever wondered what's behind the door in The Lab?).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows to temporarily move and rotate the center of the playspace. This allows to reach interaction elements that are just outside our real-world walls or otherwise inaccessible (e.g. when your playspace is smaller than the recommended one). Can also be used to discover the terrors that lie outside of the intended playspace (ever wondered what's behind the door in The Lab?).
```

Author: done.

> - **Adjust Chaperone**: When enabled then the chaperone bounds stay in place when the playspace is moved or rotated (so noone gets hurt). Depending on chaperone mode this may or may not adjust with height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Adjust Chaperone**: When enabled, the chaperone bounds stay accurate even when the playspace is moved or rotated (so noone gets hurt). Depending on chaperone mode this may or may not adjust with height.
```

Author: done

<a name="space_fix_page"></a>

> ## - Space Fix Page:

Reviewer: I think the Space Fix Page should probably be moved below the Motion Page in the readme to be in the same order as the tabs listing on the root page

Author: agree and done

Author: also fixed order up above in index.

![Playspace Fix Page](docs/screenshots/FloorFixPage.png)

- **Fix Floor** Allows you to fix the height of your floor. Just place one controller on your floor and press the button.
- **Recenter Playspace** Besides fixing the floor height, also recenters the place space around the controller on the floor.
- **Undo Fix** Removes last "fix"

> - **Apply Space Settings Offsets as Center** Takes Values from Offsets page and re-caliberates center/rotation. **caution**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Apply Space Settings Offsets as Center** Takes current values from Offsets page and re-caliberates center/rotation. **Caution** The reset function will then refer to this location as the new zero location, overriding the old zero location.
```

Author: done

<a name="motion_page"></a>
## - Motion Page:

![Motion Page](docs/screenshots/MotionPage.png)

- **Space Drag**: Allows shifting your playspace by dragging your controller, Binds must be set via SteamVR Input system.
  - **Enable Left/Right Hand**: Toggles functionality (must be active in addition to binding via input system to work.)

>   - **Drag Comfort Mode**: adds discrete "steps" to your movement, higher values will require more movement to snap to next position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Drag Comfort Mode**: Limits the rate at which your movement updates, reducing smoothness so that perceived motion starts to feel more like mini-teleports. Higher value reduce smoothness more.
```

Author: done

> - **Space Turn**: Allows rotating your playspace by rotating your controller, Bnids must be set via SteamVR Input system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Space Turn**: Allows rotating your playspace by rotating your controller. Binds must be set via SteamVR Input system.
```

Author: done

  - **Enable Left/Right Hand**: Toggles functionality (must be active in addition to binding via input system to work.)

>   - **Turn Comfort Mode**: adds discrete "steps" to your rotation, higher values will require more rotation to snap to next position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Turn Comfort Mode**: Limits the rate at which your rotation updates, reducing smoothness so that perceived rotation starts to feel more like mini-snap-turns. Higher values reduce smoothness more.
```

Author: done

> - **Height Toggle**: Snaps you between two heights, can be bound via SteamVr Input System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Height Toggle**: Toggle between zero and an offset for gravity floor height. If gravity is inactive the user is also moved to this offset. (Example: allows for quick switching between a seated and standing height.) Can be bound via SteamVr Input System.
```

Author: done

  - **On**: Current toggle state, Binds directly modify this.
  - **Height Offset**: The amount of the offset (+ is down.)
  - **Set From Y-Offset**: grabs the Y-Offset value from Offset Page.

> - **Gravity Settings**: Applies a gravity to your offset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Gravity Settings**: Provides a gravity and momentum simulation to dynamically move your space offset.
```

Author: done

  - **On**: Current toggle state, Binds directly modify this.

>   - **Gravity Strength**: current downward acceleration in m/$s^2$, planet Buttons adjust to planets local gravity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Gravity Strength**: Gravity simulation's downward acceleration in m/$s^2$. Planet buttons provide quick settings for well known gravity strengths. Values can also be typed in directly.
```

Author: done had to remove ^2 replaced with words, as it appears github does not support that part of mark down

  - **Save Momentum**: whether your momentum is saved between on/off toggles of gravity.
  - **fling Strength**: adjusts the strength at which you "throw" yourself with space drag feature.

> - **Snap Turn**: Allows snap turning of pre-set values or manually set value. Must bind actions via SteamVR Input interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Snap Turn**: Allows snap (instant) turning by the specified angle. Can type in values or use the preset buttons for angles that neatly divide 360 degrees. Must bind actions via SteamVR Input interface.
```

Author: done
